---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "flux_install Data Source - terraform-provider-flux"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  flux_install can be used to generate Kubernetes manifests for deploying Flux.
---

# flux_install (Data Source)

`flux_install` can be used to generate Kubernetes manifests for deploying Flux.

## Example Usage

```terraform
variable "target_path" {
  type = string
}

data "flux_install" "main" {
  target_path = var.target_path
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `target_path` (String) Relative path to the Git repository root where Flux manifests are committed.

### Optional

- `baseurl` (String) Base URL to get the install manifests from. When specifying this, `version` should also be set to the corresponding version to download from that URL, or the latest version associated with upstream flux will be requested. Defaults to `https://github.com/fluxcd/flux2/releases`.
- `cluster_domain` (String) The internal cluster domain. Defaults to `cluster.local`.
- `components` (Set of String) Toolkit components to include in the install manifests.
- `components_extra` (Set of String) List of extra components to include in the install manifests.
- `image_pull_secrets` (String) Kubernetes secret name used for pulling the toolkit images from a private registry. Defaults to ``.
- `log_level` (String) Log level for toolkit components. Defaults to `info`.
- `namespace` (String) The namespace scope for install manifests. Defaults to `flux-system`.
- `network_policy` (Boolean) Deny ingress access to the toolkit controllers from other namespaces using network policies. Defaults to `true`.
- `registry` (String) Container registry where the toolkit images are published. Defaults to `ghcr.io/fluxcd`.
- `toleration_keys` (Set of String) List of toleration keys used to schedule the components pods onto nodes with matching taints.
- `version` (String) Flux version. Defaults to `v0.40.2`.
- `watch_all_namespaces` (Boolean) If true watch for custom resources in all namespaces. Defaults to `true`.

### Read-Only

- `content` (String) Manifests in multi-doc yaml format.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `path` (String) Expected path of content in git repository.


